JSON format API response fields

coord
    coord.lon Longitude of the location
    coord.lat Latitude of the location

weather (more info Weather condition codes)
    weather.id Weather condition id
    weather.main Group of weather parameters (Rain, Snow, Clouds etc.)
    weather.description Weather condition within the group. Please find more here. You can get the output in your language. Learn more
    weather.icon Weather icon id

base Internal parameter

main
    main.temp Temperature. Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
    main.feels_like Temperature. This temperature parameter accounts for the human perception of weather. Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
    main.pressure Atmospheric pressure on the sea level, hPa
    main.humidity Humidity, %
    main.temp_min Minimum temperature at the moment. This is minimal currently observed temperature (within large megalopolises and urban areas). Please find more info here. Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
    main.temp_max Maximum temperature at the moment. This is maximal currently observed temperature (within large megalopolises and urban areas). Please find more info here. Unit Default: Kelvin, Metric: Celsius, Imperial: Fahrenheit
    main.sea_level Atmospheric pressure on the sea level, hPa
    main.grnd_level Atmospheric pressure on the ground level, hPa

visibility Visibility, meter. The maximum value of the visibility is 10 km

wind
    wind.speed Wind speed. Unit Default: meter/sec, Metric: meter/sec, Imperial: miles/hour
    wind.deg Wind direction, degrees (meteorological)
    wind.gust Wind gust. Unit Default: meter/sec, Metric: meter/sec, Imperial: miles/hour

clouds
    clouds.all Cloudiness, %

rain
    rain.1h (where available) Rain volume for the last 1 hour, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
    rain.3h (where available) Rain volume for the last 3 hours, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter

snow
    snow.1h(where available) Snow volume for the last 1 hour, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter
    snow.3h (where available)Snow volume for the last 3 hours, mm. Please note that only mm as units of measurement are available for this parameter

dt Time of data calculation, unix, UTC

sys
    sys.type Internal parameter
    sys.id Internal parameter
    sys.message Internal parameter
    sys.country Country code (GB, JP etc.)
    sys.sunrise Sunrise time, unix, UTC
    sys.sunset Sunset time, unix, UTC

timezone Shift in seconds from UTC

id City ID. Please note that built-in geocoder functionality has been deprecated. Learn more here

name City name. Please note that built-in geocoder functionality has been deprecated. Learn more here

cod Internal parameter


using this info we can conclude that we can show 

weather conditions for sure with main condition and description.
we can also use the given icon in the API

in main temperature, feels_like_temperature, temp_min , temp_max pressure and humidity are important
they must be displayed within a card or using a sliverScrollView
pressure is not so important at this point 

wind speed can be shown below the main card tag 

"clouds": {
        "all": 75
    },

clouds need to displayed below wind speed 

visibility will be displayed below the main card (unit is meter so here 4000 says 4km)

in sys country sunrise and sunset are imp to be displayed

name which shows the city name can be used at various places

